date,description,descripton,keywords,link,location,title
2018-11-15,,"Job description
The Software Engineering Intern will join the ranks to take on practical problems in a world-class engineering environment while being mentored by some of the most talented engineers in the industry. This position is based in Brooklyn, NY.

Description

Etsy is on the lookout for the next generation of technology leaders to take on projects that will impact millions of users globally. We have opportunities to join teams working on public-facing features as well as dev tools and core infrastructure at our HQ in Brooklyn, NY.

Please note: Resumes without a cover letter will not be considered!

About The Team

The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, good software and systems designs are works of art, and that the work we do is part of larger creative culture represented by the hundreds of thousands of inspired creative entrepreneurs who make Etsy such a wondrous marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self-motivated teams can do big things. We also believe in the right tool for the job, not language-as-religion. Our current systems run PHP, Java, Python, Ruby, Solr/Lucene, Postgres, MySQL, and more. Check out our Engineering blog:http://codeascraft.etsy.com/

About The Job

You'll be helping us build new and awesome experiences for people buying and selling on Etsy. We're looking for full-stack engineers - you'll be dealing with the MySQL, Memcache, PHP, and front-end stuff (HTML/CSS/JS). The teams working on each feature are pretty small (a few engineers, a designer, and a product manager), so there's a lot of meaningful collaboration.

Because we're making user-facing features, we believe strongly in collecting and analyzing numerical data to help guide our decisions. To that end, you'll be able to use our in-house analytics tools to gather information and gain insights. You'll also be able to use Etsy's Continuous Deployment architecture to push code to production whenever you please (and you'll probably push on your first day here).

This is a paid internship that includes a generous housing stipend.

About You

You’re tenacious, driven, and have a passion for learning. You love to collaborate and have meaningful interactions with everyone you meet. You enjoy the rush of taking a risk and the satisfaction of having an experiment work as you expected. You believe in the connective power of Etsy’s peer-to-peer marketplace, and want to create the code that will make it stronger.

You Will Be Successful In This Role If You
Have excellent written and verbal communication skills
Can be autonomous and self-driven
Get inspired on a daily basis, think of new ideas and like to share them with others
Take pleasure in making things, momentum, chaos, vibrancy, spontaneity, debate and silence

What’s Next

Interested in working with us? Send us a cover letter and your resume explaining why you’d be great for the job. We value your unique talents and point of view, so feel free to tell us what you are all about. And if you write, draw, craft, or contribute to something you’re proud of, we’d love to hear about it.

At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We welcome people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status.",software intern python,https://jobs.lever.co/etsy/20631f36-1825-4443-9f2a-51d5cfa5e4bb?lever-source=LinkedInJobs,New York,Software Engineering Internship - Summer 2019
2018-11-15,,"Job description
A World-Changing Company

At Palantir, we’re passionate about building software that solves problems. We partner with the most important institutions in the world to transform how they use data and technology. Our software has been used to stop terrorist attacks, discover new medicines, gain an edge in global financial markets, and more. If these types of projects excite you, we'd love for you to join us.

The Role

As a Mission Operations Intern, you will develop applications, automation, and pipelines to solve pain points inside and outside the company. You will work side-by-side with Forward Deployed Engineers, Site Reliability Engineers, and internal Support teams to to evolve Palantir's infrastructure, implement process improvements, and craft custom tools for our colleagues.

On the Mission Ops team, no week is quite like the last, but each project starts with a problem statement, then follows through development, deployment, and monitoring. As an intern, you are empowered to own your projects from end to end, iterating directly with your users and teammates to deliver technical outcomes that better our business. These outcomes may range from custom applications, to open source tools, to building on top of our core products to unlock Palantir's potential for our own operations.

Past Projects Have Included
Creating a full stack solution for telemetry and time series analysis of performance and usage metrics
Building an automated pipeline for deploying Stack Overflow Enterprise to AWS ( Medium )
Implementing a system for provisioning Palantir clusters at scale.
Accelerating business growth by creating a toolkit for sourcing and prioritizing new business opportunities

What We Value
BS/MS in Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or equivalent experience
Proficiency programming in Java, Go, Javascript, or similar languages
Experience with scripting languages including Bash, Python, and Powershell
Practical experience with Linux system administration (RHEL or CentOS preferred)
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills
Commitment to reliability and security best practices
Excellent collaboration and communication skills

Palantir is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. Please see the United States Department of Labor's EEO poster and EEO poster supplement for additional information.

If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations@palantir.com .",software intern python,https://jobs.lever.co/palantir/81536e54-d0c8-464d-b74a-1d6f96f8fb24?lever-source%255B%255D=Job%2520Board%3A%2520LinkedIn&lever-origin=applied,New York,Mission Operations Engineering
