date,description,descripton,keywords,link,location,title
2018-11-15,,"Job description
We are looking for Machine Learning Engineering Interns to #JoinTheBand and help drive a data-driven culture across Spotify. You will work on a variety of problems such as content recommendation, personalization, optimization, user intelligence, and content classification. Collaborative efforts with your team will result in new and interesting hypotheses, tests and scaling to large data sets with hundreds of billions of data points. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music.

What You’ll Do
Apply machine learning, collaborative filtering, NLP, and deep learning methods to massive data sets
Prototype new algorithms, evaluate with small scale experiments, and later productionize solutions at scale to our 180 million active users
Collaborate with a cross functional agile team of software engineers, data engineers, machine learning experts, and others to build new product features
Help drive optimization, testing and tooling to improve data quality
Iterate on recommendation quality through continuous A/B testing
Work from our office in New York City


Who You Are
Currently enrolled in a Ph.D. graduate program in Machine Learning, or related field preferred
You have experience implementing machine learning systems at scale in Java, Scala, Python or similar (not just R or Matlab)
You have a strong mathematical background in statistics and machine learning
You care about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and responsible experimentation
You preferably have experience with data processing and storage frameworks like Hadoop, Scalding, Spark, Storm, Cassandra, Kafka, etc.
Previous machine learning publications or work on open source is a plus


The Intern Gig

Spotify is looking for enthusiastic students/recent graduates with a passion for music and an ambition to go far. This isn’t just any internship! Our paid internship program will give you the chance to gain in-depth knowledge of what it’s like to be a Spotify employee as well as get the opportunity to see the technology side of a fast growing company! Our summer internships will last for 10 weeks this summer and start in the beginning of June.

The deadline to apply is December 16th, 2018 at 11:59 PM, ET. You can expect the following application timeline:
Late December, 2018 – Early February, 2019: Application Review
Late February, 2019 – March, 2019: Interviews
Late March, 2019 – April, 2019: Offers given out
June, 2019: Intern program start

#JoinTheBand

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.",software intern python spark,https://www.spotifyjobs.com/job/machine-learning-engineer-summer-internship-phd-new-york-oxhs8fwy/?__jvst=Job%20Board&__jvsd=LinkedInWrapp,New York,"Machine Learning Engineer – Summer Internship, PhD – New York"
